NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
This RICO case will kill Samcro. Anything
you need, they'll try and make it happen.
TARA: Jax is putting together
a care package for Otto.
Might be nice to include something
that reminded him of Luann.
Perfume. It came in a blue bottle.
CLAY: How's Rita?
UNSER: Didn't make it.
What about our deal? We get you at the head
of the table, we get a piece of your end.
Supposed to put pressure on Jax,
not a homicide investigation on me.
[DOOR OPENS]
Unser just called.
Greg and Gogo tried to kill him.
And Frankie?
I want money.
We ain't a bank.
Drug money comes from the Mayans.
Cash from the guns goes to the Irish.
I got that. I got that.
There's about 130 cash, good watches.
FRANKIE: This wasn't my idea, kid.
Clay promised us shit he couldn't deliver.
You're driving.
Get on your knees. Shit.
There's somebody else talking to the feds.
What do you want?
I want Frankie Diamonds and anyone else
responsible for killing my wife.
And if I do?
Give him to me
and I give you the rat at your table.
[TRUCK HORN BLARING]
Clay lied about her being run off the road.
She almost killed my kids!
Okay, the lie,
that was because she was scared.
Are you gonna tell her or should I?
Get out!
Do you want to fix the damage you've done?
Yes.
Clay was the one...
...that put the Nomads in motion.
I need proof.
You want me to spy on him?
I want you to be with him.
The dirty secrets will start to flow
just like they always did.
What if I can't do that?
Then get used to living in a brothel.
ABEt
Daddy?
Wake up, Dad.
Hey, buddy.
How you feeling?
I'm hungry.
Okay.
What do you feel like having?
Cookies.
Good choice.
Chocolate chip, little milk on the side?
Coming right up.
NERO: Black with sugar, right?
GEMMA: Yeah, thanks.
You haven't said much
since your boy was here.
Yeah, he kind of leaves me speechless
these days.
Setting the rules for Grandma.
Right.
How about you and Jax?
I'm off limits.
Yeah, well, I'm a little too old
for dating rules.
| see who I wanna see.
Is that what this is?
We seeing each other?
Yeah.
| see you, Gemma.
I gotta get to the garage.
NERO: You know who I haven't seen
in a few days is Lucious.
It's just my truck is MIA.
I'm wondering maybe you wanna
give me a ride, meet my boy?
Oh.
Well, I don't know if that's a good idea.
No, come on. He likes to meet my friends.
Especially the pretty ones.
He's a bit of a player.
Heh.
I'll keep that in mind.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me, um....
Let me just check in at T-M
and I'll pick you up around noon.
Cool. I appreciate that.
Mm-hm.
CACUZZA:
How does that happen?
Thought you vetted your guys.
Prospects and shit.
Yeah, you know how it is.
Guys get lazy. Greedy.
Piss all over loyalties.
Yeah.
Do you think Frankie reached out
to one of the families?
Well, he was muscle
for the Gambinos back in Rockaway.
He's still got ties.
CACUZZA:
He ain't in Oakland or I'd know about it.
He probably reached out to someone
in Rizzi's or Pirelli's crew.
Means he's in Reno or up in the lakes.
Donation for the Cacuzza charity fund.
And a case of Glocks for your trouble.
Yeah, that works.
|'|| dig in.
[THOMAS COOING]
MARGARET: Good morning.
Morning.
| just got a call from the CDCR supervisor.
They want you to check in with Stockton.
They say why?
No. Just that it was urgent.
Okay. Thanks.
Oh.
I also changed your insurance status.
You still had yourself listed as single.
Jax and Abel are covered
under your insurance now.
Great. Thank you.
ljust got off the phone with Stockton.
Their primaries are down with the flu, and they
asked if I could come in this afternoon.
No, babe. Come on. Let's wait till Abel's home.
You got enough on your plate.
We might have a problem.
[MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
There was never documentation
of my connection to the club.
...but Margaretjust updated
my insurance status to cover Abel's stay.
Oh.
Shit.
It might be just a matter of time
before the CDC are flagged...
...that I'm, you know, married to a felon.
I should go.
Try again.
[PHONE RlNGlNG]
[JAX SIGHS]
Yeah, Okay.
Hey, what's up?
Shit. Thanks, brother.
All right. Yeah, I'm on my way.
Bobby picked up Chibs.
Thank God.
[SIGHS]
All right.
I want Rat to go with you to Stockton.
Stay in touch.
Okay.
You good?
Mm-hm.
All right.
Yup.
[SIGHS]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
Riding through this world
All alone
God takes your soul
You're on your own
The crow flies straight
A perfect line
On the devil's path
Until you die
Gotta look this life
In the eye
EEéséi‘z:
af<é§22§g
gig-3:5)?
g: {-32:52:
i§§§§?§}
The prodigal Scot.
Oh, man.
Thank God you're all right, man.
[PREACHER STONE'S "NOT TODAY"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
What happened?
Frankie, he dumped me out on the 99.
I really thought he was gonna put a bullet
in the back of my head.
Some trucker found me. Check this out.
Jesus Christ, man.
Did you see anything?
No.
Too dark.
White SUV. I couldn't see faces, plates.
Somebody's helping him.
BOBBY:
He seems to be heading north.
Maybe breaking for Canada.
HAPPY:
No,Tahoe.
Just talked to Quinn. He found Frankie.
JAX:
Well, let's go. Come on.
Quinn says Frankie's in South Tahoe.
Hooked up with Leo Pirelli's crew.
He's bought himself some mob protection.
CLAY:
Is that solid intel?
Because I'm a little cautious
when it comes to Nomad integrity.
HAPPY: Quinn knows every pimp and hooker
in the 300-mile radius.
Frankie still likes them young and slanted.
Yeah, pussy tells all.
All right, give him a call him when we break.
Tell him we're on our way.
Make sure it's real.
BOBBY: Leo runs book and poker clubs.
It's a quiet crew, man.
Maybe Cacuzza could reach out,
explain our situation.
Do this the easy way.
Yeah.
I can call Jimmy.
What happens when we find Frankie?
We cut his head off.
First we press him on the attacks.
Find out who's calling the shots.
Let's vote this shit.
JAX: Okay.
We all know what Frankie did
to compromise the club.
Vote's gotta be unanimous.
All in favor of stripping his patch.
Yea.
As far as Mr. Mayhem goes...
...Iet's hear pros and cons.
He tried to kill you. That would be a pro.
We only got the word of a non-member.
CLAY:
Gogo and Greg tried to kill Unser.
Nomads were on a spree.
Frankie's made his bed, Jackie.
Anyone else?
Okay.
All in favor of Frankie Diamonds
meeting Mr. Mayhem.
Aye.
TIG: Yea.
Yeah.
Yea.
PHIL: Yea.
Yeah.
Yea.
[GAVEL BANGS]
Okay, let's find him.
We can't kill Frankie.
Roosevelt last night made me an offer.
He knows all about you, Otto, and RICO.
He said we got a rat at our table.
Someone gave up intel on Galindo.
Christ.
He wants to trade him for Frankie.
Do you believe him?
Eli must've been working
with the US. attorney.
So how do we make that work?
First, we gotta make sure Clay
doesn't get to Frankie before we do.
Because he is gonna blow
his goddamn head off.
Yeah, well, how do we stop the rest
of them from doing that?
[SIGHS]
When we find Frankie...
...I insist on pulling the trigger.
Then you and me split off to do the kill.
We take him someplace the sheriff
can intercept.
That's a lot of moves.
That's a lot of lies.
What do you suggest, VP?
I know.
[OVER SPEAKERS]
The days of wine and roses
GEMMA: Club going on a run?
Yup, Tahoe.
Looking for the lost Nomad.
You riding?
I'm gonna try.
I got Juice in the van.
Be careful.
To ﬁx your outsides
Until you realized that I took
Everything dear inside
CLAY:
Hey, uh....
I just got a call from Skeeter.
He's got Nero's whore set aside.
You know, her ashes.
GEMMA: Oh.
Okay.
Hey, um--
Thanks again for handling all that.
You're welcome.
You get hold of Cacuzza?
CLAY: Left word.
[ENGINES START]
[MIKE NESS' "THE DEVIL
IN MISS JONES" PLAYING]
There 's something inside
That burns like a ﬁre
And you realize you've been blessed
With a wild desire
Give me your heart
Give me your soul
I’ll take you when you're young
The devil in Miss Jones
Dr. Knowles, Pamela Toric.
I'm your charge nurse today.
Oh.
Thanks for filling in.
We're like blind babies in a beehive here.
No problem.
I was going through
your follow-up requests.
See, Otto Delaney came in for staph.
He was prescribed methicillin.
So why do you need to see him again?
Uh, he was very sensitive to light.
I'm afraid the staph
might be a precursor to meningitis.
Shit. Okay.
I'll bring him in and order the tests.
I'm around if you need me.
Thanks.
How they doing?
Ah, I should've brought the cortisone.
Anything we can do?
No.
You okay?
Lung's holding up. My goddamn hands.
Hop in the van. Let Phil ride it out.
Yeah.
Sorry, Clay.
[ENGINES START]
[PHONE RINGS]
CLAY:
Yeah.
Good.
Thanks.
Appreciate that.
That was Cacuzza.
Pirelli's got a fishing cabin up at Lake Cascade.
Uses it as a stash house.
They think he's got Frankie there.
Cool. Let's catch up with the guys.
Let's you and me vet it out, see if it's real.
Let them stay on the poker club.
Hey, ljust had to pass off my goddamn ride.
Let me do something useful here, Juice.
Yeah, Okay.
GEMMA: Why'd you jump back in
if you knew you wanted out?
I tried to play it straight when I first got out,
but, you know....
Ex-junkie, ex-con.
Those six-figure offers were kind of slim.
It's hard to be a land baron on minimum wage.
Exactly.
What about you, mama?
Being an Old lady is your life's ambition?
My only ambition was to keep moving.
Hooked up with J.T. when I was 18.
Bad-boy thing, huh?
Yeah, I was all-in from that first ride.
Knocked up two months later.
NERO:
Mm.
WOMAN: Hey, Lucious, your dad's here.
Hey.
I missed you, mijo.
I want you to meet my friend, Gemma.
Hi, Lucious.
Hi.
She really is pretty.
GEMMA: Ha, ha.
Well.... Your dad's right. You're a player.
[GEMMA CHUCKLES]
JAX: Quinn.
QUINN: Hey, brother. Sorry about Ope.
What's up, bro?
Long time.
Yeah.
QUINN:
What's up, Bobby?
Come on, Pirelli's inside.
[JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
HANK: What do you guys need?
We're just looking around, big fella.
Yeah, we're a quiet place.
Gotta do it without the patches.
Hey, take it easy.
We're just here to see Pirelli, okay?
HANK:
Then call his Office and make an appointment.
That's Leo right there.
You made a bad mistake
helping Frankie Diamonds, man.
Out. Move.
LEO: Hey, hey.
MAN: Hey!
[ALL GRUNTING]
What the hell is wrong with you guys?
Somebody sneezes, you throw a fist?
How do you get any business done?
Johnny Goombah put up hands first.
Screw this--
Hey, hey.
Enough,enough.
MAN: Hey, easy.
Okay, so you got my attention.
Frankie Diamonds.
Leo, we know you're helping him
get out of the States.
You don't know shit.
[SIGHS]
You know, Frankie Diamonds stole half
a million dollars from me and my associates.
He's using our cash to bankroll his exit.
If you think we're noisy,
wait till the cartel and the IRA come knocking.
Machetes and grenade launchers,
they can spill a few stacks of chips.
We just want Frankie.
You can even keep the cash.
LEO:
Make a call.
Follow us.
But if you're telling me a story, kid...
...this ain't gonna be such a beautiful,
sunshiny day here in the splendor Of the lakes.
You understand?
Not exactly, but I think I get the point.
[DOOR BUZZES]
Restraints?
Mr. Delaney likes to stick shit
in people's ears.
Be careful.
I'll send someone in
to do the blood and the CTs.
Thanks.
Now I know why they've been forcing
antibiotics down my throat.
You're a persistent little gash.
Yes, I am.
I brought you something.
[SNIFFS]
Why you doing this?
To remind you of the things you love.
I know why you want to die, Otto.
It's not just about losing Luann.
It's about the guilt you feel turning on the club.
You a shrink now too?
No.
I'm an Old lady.
Protecting my man.
Just like Luann would've done for you.
Put some on your wrist.
Please.
Closer.
[SNIFFING]
[DOOR BUZZES]
NURSE:
I need some blood, Otto.
Yeah. Yeah, I got it.
No, inside.
[PETER PETERSON'S "I'LL GET YOU
BY AND BY" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Bye.
FRANKIE: Who was that, Leo?
Yeah.
Bet your boots I’d try
I need you to be completely honest, Frankie.
I've been straight with you guys.
I hope so. Because if Leo found out
you were lying about the cash--
Like maybe you got a lot more.
--that would be bad.
What are you talking about?
I gave you 150. That's all I got.
Somebody's lying to you guys.
Okay, well, those somebodies
are on their way.
I guess we'll--
What?
[GRUNTING]
By and by
By and by, I'm gonna get you
Shit.
CLAY:
Somebody's here.
Juice, careful.
Down!
[GUNSHOT]
Put the phone away, Juice.
We gotta do this.
No. Clay, Jax wants info on Frankie.
Jax ain't here, Juice.
Cover the back.
GO!
[ENGINE STARTS]
Shit.
[ENGINE REVS]
[GUNSHOT THEN GUN COCKS]
It's over, Frankie.
It wasn't me, Juice.
I swear. Clay put this whole Nomad
shit storm in motion.
You're a liar.
No, I ain't.
We stole his safe,
gave him back all that legal shit.
Step away, Juice.
No! Not yet.
CHIBS:
Frankie.
Lower the shotgun.
You piece of shit.
GEMMA:
Well, here's Carla.
Thanks.
Damn.
It all comes down to this, huh?
Come in crying.
GO out in TuppenNare.
[CHUCKLES]
You make me laugh, Gemma.
What do you wanna do with her?
Uh....
Come on.
GEMMA:
This has got to be bad luck.
No, no, no, this is genius, babe.
Carla, she always wanted to be buried
in some fancy mausoleum.
Well, hurry up, Houdini.
I don't wanna get nabbed for grave robbing.
You never broke into one of these
when you were a kid?
No, I'm not Tig.
Never mind.
Damn.
Almost.
Here.
I'm in.
Magic.
[NERO COUGHS]
Jesus. The dead stink.
Yeah.
Been a while since someone visited.
Yeah, that's because they're all in here.
No one's left.
All right, this shit's creeping me out.
Can we dump little sister, please?
Yeah.
[SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
Please, don't let that ever be me.
All right.
Come on.
[BODY THUDS]
Not the way I wanted this to happen.
I'm an idiot for trusting Frankie.
Sometimes I lean too much
on this Guinea thing.
So how we gonna make this right?
[SIGHS]
Cover the damage on the club and the cabin.
Guns, cash, don't matter.
I'll call it even.
All right. Fair enough.
BOBBY: We okay?
Oh, great.
You got a van or a truck I can borrow?
Gonna haul Frankie back.
Yeah.
JAX:
Thanks, bro.
How'd you know where Frankie was?
Cacuzza. He called me
as you guys were pulling out.
Me and Juice wanted to check it out
before we hit you up.
Make sure it was real.
It was real.
CLAY:
Yeah.
[DOOR BUZZES]
Sorry about all the tests.
[SIGHS]
You need to recant your statement, Otto.
Say you lied.
Do something to kill this RICO case.
Where's the perfume?
I have it. It's in my pocket.
OTTO:
Unhook my hand.
Just the right.
Please. I'm not going to hurt you.
[KEYS JINGLING]
Come to me.
Hold my head.
[SNIFFS]
Oh. I--
I don't think you should--
Please.
ljust want to feel a woman's hand on me.
One more time.
Please.
[OTTO GRUNTS]
[SOBBING]
Shh.
[BEITTHEMEANS' "ALL MY KINFOLK"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
I remember way back when
You heard what I said
Hey, thanks again for the truck, man.
Anytime, bro.
I'm here.
Cool.
They better do what's best for them
What are you gonna do about Eli?
Deliver the third Nomad.
Oh, come on.
What, are you gonna prop him up
in the front seat...
...and play Weekend at Frankie's?
JAX:
I'm more concerned what we do about him.
We got nothing, brother.
We know it was Clay.
Yeah, but we need tangible evidence.
The guy who could give it to us is dead.
We take this to the club
with just Frankie's story...
...sorry, Clay stays put.
And you look vindictive and weak.
Yeah.
All right, will you pull some cash
for Skeeter?
Yeah.
I'll be back for Frankie in a bit.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR
THEN DOOR OPENS]
You're back.
Did you see Otto?
Yes, I did.
What happened?
Uh....
It was just incredibly sad.
He's just emotionally broken.
Perfume crushed him. He was sobbing.
I think I got through to him.
Thank you for doing this.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Sorry to interrupt.
How'd it go at Stockton?
Fine. They need me all week.
Was hoping we could work that out.
We should. I'll get into it.
Good news. Abel's been released.
Just need a few signatures.
That's great. Thank you.
Oh, I got a call from Karen Dunhill
at Providence Hospital.
Her Oregon team will be down
for the conference.
Wanted to know if you were available.
She say why?
MARGARET:
Probably about the offer.
I'll give her a call.
[PEN SCRATCHING]
The Oregon offer's still on the table?
I don't know.
Let's take the boys home.
[FOOTSTEPS]
Skeeter's ash cash?
Yep.
[CLAY GROANS]
Anything I should know, VP?
About?
My future.
I don't know.
You got something you wanna share?
My conscience is clear.
Yeah?
That was something
that never got in your way.
Where do you think he ends up?
Jax?
He's making good choices.
Yeah.
And the better they are,
the more familiar he'll feel and....
He ain't you.
Oh, it ain't about me.
It's about that seat.
I know how much you want it back.
Yeah.
I thought I did.
That why you set the Nomads in motion?
If that was a real threat, you wouldn't be
Iobbing it at me as I walk out the door.
I really hope you're as smart
as you think you are.
I am tired of burning friends.
Me too.
[DOOR OPENS]
What are you doing here?
Figured I should return my house key.
I'll put him down.
[WHISPERS] It's Okay. Go back to sleep.
[JAX SIGHS]
[IN NORMAL VOICE] That it?
No.
Sit down.
Please.
I can count the times I've been
really happy on one hand.
You and your brother.
Abel and Thomas.
I know.
I like Nero, Jax.
Haven't felt...
...Iight in a very long time.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
The thing you want me to do.
With Clay.
I can't do both.
And you're right.
We lay down together...
...things get old and familiar.
If I'm gonna go back to that place...
...I need to know that
what you promised is real.
It's real.
Not from you.
From her.
I'm aware what Jax asked you to do.
And if you help him get
what he needs from Clay...
...you can have that key back.
And the family that goes with it.
You good?
No, son.
I'm really not.
I'll be home in a couple hours.
Hold that thought.
I'm here.
[OVER SPEAKERS]
Don 't make no difference
If you sit or you stand
Hey.
Coffee's hot.
Oh, okay. Thanks.
I can get cleaned up.
Maybe we can grab some dinner.
Not really hungry.
Okay.
What's going on?
Sit down.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
My new friends.
I was gonna get some fish or something.
Then I saw you had this thing for birds.
You did this for me?
Lyla picked them out.
I know there '3 California, Oklahoma
And all of the places I ain't ever been to but
Lovebirds. Too on the nose, right?
No.
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
lam on my way
I am on my way back to where / started
So, what's going on?
I'm exhausted.
I need to, uh....
I need to go home.
Soak in a tub.
Sleep for a couple of days.
That's a good idea.
I saw your face in the crowd and you came out
I'm here.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
You saw me walking around
And you came here
There was a sign on the door
And it reads to me
Just like the grass and the sun
[HOPELESS JACK & THE HANDSOME DEVILS'
"HALI'S COMET" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Most every day
To soften up my heart
Then you came to me
And I knew
[SIGHING]
That even your unfailing love
Wouldn't mend the broken parts
Put your hands on the hood.
Really?
Cop meeting a violent felon,
dark road in the middle of the woods.
Call me cautious.
Good point.
Forty-five, in the cut.
Wearing colors, carrying a weapon.
Some serious parole violations.
Good thing you're off duty.
That's not for me, is it?
No.
It's for Frankie.
Is he in there?
Yep.
He's in the back.
Jesus Christ. This is not what I wanted.
Me neither.
Frankie pissed off a lot of people.
This happened before we could get to him.
It wasn't us.
So what the hell am I supposed
to do with him?
You tell me.
He's been dead too long to stage a kill.
Maybe you can find him
in Chigger Woods.
Or I can handle it.
Shit.
What the hell am I doing?
Get out of here.
Who's the rat?
I'm not doing this.
I'm not gonna be responsible
for another dead body.
Too late.
I know it wasn't me or Bobby.
Chibs, Tig, Happy...
...they'd cut their own hearts out
before they'd talk to the cops.
Phil, the prospects don't know dick. Clay?
Not enough upside for him to rat.
Only leaves one guy.
Guy who tried to hang himself
a few months back.
Well, he had no choice.
We always have a choice.
So, what happens to him now?
[BATTLEME & THE FOREST RANGERS'
"LIGHTS" PLAYING]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hey.
Thought you might need a little relief
after the run.
Sure, that'd be great.
Just tell me who you're thinking of
Out there beyond us all
My hands missed you.
Sit.
Taking pictures on the wall
With heavy hands and static balls
Cables are good.
I'll have Wade check the discs tomorrow.
Thanks, Juicy.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
I know you're thinking "get away"
It's about time for sonic waves
But shooting blanks is all the same
[ENGINE STARTS]
There '3 no law to change your name
Saying this is who we are